# OD-Scraper v1.0
##### by Ben Wyborney
OD-Scraper is simple little program I made to check product pages on [Office Depot's website](https://officedepot.com/ "officedepot.com") and see if they are available to be ordered or not. The program can take a large batch of product numbers and check if the corresponding products are available, backordered, or unavailable. Once it's checked, it will present the results in a PDF file that includes the item number, a barcode, and the name of the product.

The program can take a single list of SKU numbers and output a single PDF with the results, or it can take multiple lists and create a PDF for each one. For example, if you provide the program with a file called SKUs.txt, you will get one list of results named SKUs.pdf. If you provide printers.txt, chromebooks.txt, and desks.txt, you will get printer.pdf, chromebooks.pdf, and desks.pdf.

It's important to note that I am not a programmer and thus I started this project having no clue what I was doing. I sort of figured it out along the way and ended up with something that's been useful for me and my store, even though it does still have some problems. It takes a long time to run (about 20 minutes for about 500 SKUs using my personal computer and internet connection). The PDF files can be very long, which could be annoying if you choose to print them. I just email them to myself so I can see them on my phone. The other weird issue is that running this program might get your IP address blocked from accessing the website. After running it a few times, I could no longer visit officedepot.com, and neither could my roommate. If you're going to use this program, I strongly recommend using a VPN so you can change to another IP address if you get blocked. I'm using [ProtonVPN](https://protonvpn.com/ "protonvpn.com") on my Linux PC and on my phone, and it works great.

The biggest issue is that the program is not very user-friendly. It's command-line only, and it requires a computer (or Android phone) that isn't locked down and allows users to install stuff. Because of that limitation, I can't use this program on any of the computers in my store, but I can take my own laptop to work and run it that way. I'm working on turning the whole thing into an easy-to-install android app, but that will take me some time to figure out. In the meantime, I've written some instructions on how to install and use the program. If you haven't used python or the command line before, don't worry. Even if it's well outside of your comfort zone, it's going to be pretty easy, and there's no risk of hurting your computer.

## Installation instructions
#### For Windows computers

#### For Linux computers

#### For Android phones
